Photo by Kawasumi-Kobayashi Kenji Photograph Office

Museum

Yayoi Kusama Museum was founded by the avant-garde artist Yayoi Kusama, and is run by the Yayoi Kusama Foundation. It opened in 2017 with the aim of spreading and promoting Kusama’s art, exhibiting her works and related materials to contribute to the development of art as a whole.
By presenting our collection of her works in two exhibitions each year with lectures and various other events, we hope to share widely the message of world peace and love for humanity that Kusama has promoted, while also engaging people from all backgrounds with contemporary art.

Director’s Message

For all those who love the art of Yayoi Kusama, the much-anticipated Yayoi Kusama Museum has now finally opened its doors. Run as the principal project of the Yayoi Kusama Foundation, itself established in January of this year. The museum presents major works from Kusama’s earlier years up until the present day. Through various activities and events - including lectures, publications and displays of ephemera and documentation, its aim is to honor Yayoi Kusama’s myriad achievements.

Kusama’s work has been exhibited in many of the major museums, Biennales and Triennales all over the world. However, we believe that a private museum, whose concept originated with the artist herself, is an important, unprecedented opportunity for a deeper understanding of her unique trajectory. A dedicated museum will give visitors a chance to learn about the courageous battles that Kusama has fought as an avant-garde artist, allowing them to experience and feel the sincerity of her ideas, namely of saving the world through love.

Over many years the artist has received international acclaim and attention and now, as she strives to create vigorously, it could be said that it is Kusama’s second golden age. The museum has set aside a space to present her brand-new works so that visitors can witness the breadth of her vivid brush strokes. This museum will continue to pursue its mission of honoring Yayoi Kusama’s brilliant accomplishments by showcasing her work to Japan and to the rest of the world. I would like to finish by asking for your warm and continued support of our activities.

Akira Tatehata

Director of YAYOI KUSAMA MUSEUM

October 1, 2017