1.
쿠사마 야요이 아트북 / Infinity Net: The Autobiography of Yayoi Kusama / 쿠사마 야요이 책 / 쿠사마 야요이 자서전
작가	Yayoi Kusama
출판사	Tate Publishing
발행(출시)일자	2021년 01월 01일

Title : Infinity Net: The Autobiography of Yayoi Kusama
Size: 15.6  x 23.4 cm
256 Pages

“Infinity Net” is a memoir by Yayoi Kusama, one of the most important figures in the contemporary art world, exploring her unique and fascinating life and art.
This autobiography details Kusama's journey from overcoming obsessive-compulsive disorder to breaking down cultural barriers through art and creating her own unique artistic world.
The 2021 revised edition includes a new foreword by Francis Morris and a poem by Yayoi Kusama, allowing a deeper understanding of her work and thoughts.

During her ten years in New York, Kusama transformed from a poor artist to a mainstay of the counterculture art scene.
She solidified her position through her association with art world giants such as Georgia O'Keeffe, Donald Judd, and Andy Warhol.
She speaks candidly about the obsessions that plagued her childhood and her entire life, and discusses her journey to explore her inner world through art.

After returning to Japan, Kusama was admitted to a mental hospital and found artistic inspiration there.
Over the past decade, he has established himself as an internationally recognized artist, having been featured in several major exhibitions.
Translated into English by Ralph McCarthy, this autobiography explores Kusama’s ongoing artistic exploration and
It powerfully tells the story of how, despite the hardships she endured, she forged her own path through art.

"Infinity Net" explores the life and art of Yayoi Kusama, the challenges she faced and her achievements, in a profound and dreamlike way.
It shows how her art shaped her.

This autobiography leaves a powerful impression on readers through Kusama's boundless creativity and dreamlike intensity.


2.
Yayoi Kusama: Revised & expanded edition 
작가	Yayoi Kusama, Tatehata, Hoptman, Kultermann, Taft
출판사	Phaidon Press
발행(출시)일자	2017년 10월 08일

Title: Yayoi Kusama: Revised & expanded edition
Size: 25  x 29 cm
240 Pages

Kusama has gained international acclaim for her groundbreaking work that explores themes such as infinity, self-image, sexuality, and compulsive repetition.
Her work, which first gained attention in Manhattan's psychedelic and pop culture scenes in the 1960s, combined patterning to create often participatory installations and series of paintings.
This book is an updated version of a monograph published in 2000 and explores Kusama's work in great detail.
Enriched with in-depth essays by Catherine Taft and a new collection of the author's poetry, it delves deeper into her artistic world.


3.
Yayoi Kusama: The Journal 
작가	The Artist Journals
출판사	David Zwirner Book
발행(출시)일자	2023년 06월 06일

Title : Yayoi Kusama: The Journal
Size: 17.8  x 24.8 cm
160 Pages

This journal captures the vibrant and dynamic art of Yayoi Kusama, providing an ideal canvas for creative thinking.
Renowned Japanese artist Kusama's kaleidoscopic works have captivated millions of visitors to museums and galleries around the world.
Her signature polka dots, organic forms and hypnotic optical effects navigate the boundaries between plane and depth, presence and absence, beauty and the sublime.
This journal is Kusama's first as an artist and features her work on the cover and last page, providing the perfect inspiration for all your creative endeavors.


4.
Yayoi Kusama: All About My Love
작가	Yayoi Kusama, Akira Shibutami
출판사	Thames & Hudson
발행(출시)일자	2019년 10월 31일

Title : Yayoi Kusama: All About My Love
Size: 21  x 26.5 cm
264 Pages

Yayoi Kusama is a leading figure in avant-garde art who achieved international fame after moving to the United States from Matsumoto, Nagano, Japan in 1958.
In the past decade, her work has attracted record-breaking attendances through retrospectives held in major Western museums, including the Tate Modern in London and the Whitney Museum of American Art in New York.
Her work is known for its repetitive dot patterns, and she has continually innovated and reinvented her style across a range of media including painting, drawing, sculpture, film, performance and installation.
Her work ranges from intense semi-abstract images to soft sculptures known as 'accumulations' and 'infinity net' paintings.

The book covers Kusama's early works, from her early immersion in painting to escape from hallucinations, to her 'Infinity Net' and 'Polka Dot' in New York, to her works at the Venice Biennale in the 1980s and 1990s, and 
It provides an in-depth overview of her career, from her current series, 'My Eternal Soul', to her works, each presented in chronological order with detailed descriptions.

5.
Yayoi Kusama: Cosmic Nature
작가	Mika Yoshitake
출판사	Rizzoli
발행(출시)일자	2021년 06월 15일

Title : Yayoi Kusama: Cosmic Nature
Size: 24.9  x 27.2 cm
176 Pages

Yayoi Kusama's art is the result of boundless curiosity and intense creative drive.
Throughout her long and varied career, her deep connection to nature is a theme that has been consistently explored in her work, yet often overlooked.
From her early sketches of flowers from her family's plant nursery to more recent creations.
From monumental plant-shaped sculptures to  microscopic life forms, Kusama draws us into the patterns, connections and cycles of life.

'Yayoi Kusama: Cosmic Nature' is an exhibition catalogue comprehensively exploring Kusama's longstanding fascination with the natural world on display at the New York Botanical Garden.
The exhibition highlights Kusama's deep-rooted appreciation and adaptation to nature in her art, as a source of inspiration and strength essential to her artistic language.
The profound vitality evident in Kusama’s work permeates everything she explores, evoking a sense of cosmic and transcendent nature.
Yoshitake Mika, an independent scholar specializing in postwar Japanese art, and Joanna L. Groarke, curator of the exhibition at the New York Botanical Garden (BG), and co-editor of the catalogue
This volume brings together essays by a range of art historians, curators, and scientists who offer unique interpretations of Kusama's relationship with the natural world.
Contains over 120 drawings, paintings, sculptures and archival photographs, and features beautiful views of the works on display in BG's gardens and galleries in New York.
'Yayoi Kusama: Cosmic Nature' offers a new perspective on one of the world's most celebrated contemporary artists.



6.
Yayoi Kusama: 1945 to Now
작가	Doryun Chong, Mika Yoshitake
출판사	Thames and Hudson
발행(출시)일자	2023년 01월 12일

Title : Yayoi Kusama: 1945 to Now
Size: 22.1  x 28 cm
400 Pages

Yayoi Kusama is an internationally renowned artist whose career spans seven decades and a variety of mediums.
Starting out as a hub of artistic experimentation in Asia in the mid-20th century, he established himself as a major figure in the New York art world in the 1960s.
She continues to communicate a deeply personal and spiritual worldview through her art.

'Yayoi Kusama: 1945 to Now' is the most comprehensive exploration of her work to date.
It explores her aesthetic and philosophical concerns through six thematic sections: ‘Infinity’, ‘Accumulation’, ‘Biocosmos’, ‘Radical Connectivity’, ‘Death’ and ‘The Force of Life’.

The book includes previously unpublished writings by Kusama, correspondence with Georgia O'Keeffe, interviews with critic Yoshie Yoshida,  and roundtable discussions with leading experts in the field.
Also included are curatorial essays and a detailed visual chronology of Kusama's life, making it an invaluable resource for readers seeking a deeper understanding of Kusama and her work.
This monograph demonstrates that Kusama's art, despite being shaped by international currents, maintains a deep connection to Japanese tradition and culture.
Enthralling for those already familiar with Kusama's work as well as those new to it, this book is the ideal guide to exploring her artistic journey.

7.
Yayoi Kusama: Every Day I Pray for Love 
작가	Yayoi Kusama 
출판사	David Zwirner Books
발행(출시)일자	2020년 12월 08일

Title: Yayoi Kusama: Every Day I Pray for Love
Size: 16.5  x 19.5 cm
304 Pages

This book contains Yayoi Kusama's most personal insights and poetic recollections, taking readers into her private world.
This book delves into her creative process, the important role language plays in her work, and the influence of language on her paintings, sculptures, and everyday life.
Shedding new light on the author's use of language, this book provides an impressive overview of Kusama's poetry across a variety of media.
Emphasizing the importance of words, special attention is paid to captivating and poetic phrases in the titles of works, such as “I want to show you the infinite splendor of the stars in the universe.”
These titles are not only an essential part of Kusama’s artwork, but are also unique maxims and compelling statements on universal spirituality in their own right.
The poems in the book reveal Kusama's personal ordeals, human ideals, and heroic pursuit of her art.

It is organized around the acclaimed exhibition 'EVERY DAY I PRAY FOR LOVE' held at David Zwirner Gallery in New York in 2019.
This book contains over 300 pages of new illustrations, sculptures, and Infinity Mirror Room artwork.
Kusama's chronological photographs included in the book provide a visual timeline of this unique artist, documenting her long career and artistic development.

8.
Yayoi Kusama: Festival of Life
작가	Yayoi Kusama, Jenni Sorkin
출판사	David Zwirner Books
발행(출시)일자	2018년 09월 25일

Title : Yayoi Kusama: Festival of Life
Size: 24.8  x 30.5 cm
152 Pages

Yayoi Kusama's art is sensual, utopian, and original, and despite its highly personal nature, is loved by diverse audiences around the world.
Throughout her career, Kusama has broken down the traditional boundaries between work, artist, and viewer.

From paintings to performances, room-sized installations, sculptural installations, literature, film, fashion, design, and interventions within existing architectural structures.
Kusama's work ranges beyond major art movements of the late 20th century, including Pop Art and Minimalism.
Her work radiates vitality and passion, and is autobiographical and at times confessional.
Kusama's work conveys the vitality of a living artist through her work.

"Yayoi Kusama: Festival of Life" is an exhibition catalogue covering Kusama's exhibition held at the Chelsea branch of David Zwirner Gallery in New York in late 2017.
Includes her iconic “My Eternal Soul” series, new large-scale floral sculptures, polka-dotted environments, and two infinity mirrored rooms.
The book offers fresh perspectives on Kusama's work, including new scholarly research and posters by Jenni Sorkin.

9.
Yayoi Kusama: Infinity Mirrors
작가	Mika Yoshitake, Yayoi Kusama, Melissa Chiu, Alexander Dumbadze , Gloria Sutton, Miwako Tezuka, Alex Jones
출판사	DelMonico Books
발행(출시)일자	2023년 10월 31일

Title : Yayoi Kusama: Infinity Mirrors
Size: 22.7  x 27.6 cm
223 Pages

This book is the first and most comprehensive exploration of the world-renowned Japanese artist Yayoi Kusama's iconic Infinity Mirror Room series.
The series has had a lasting influence on modern art for over 50 years, and Kusama's rooms create the illusion of infinite space filled with colorful light reflections.
This book follows these immersive installations, exploring how Kusama’s work emerged from the self-sabotage of the Vietnam War era.
It explores how the various forms have come to symbolize the harmonious aspirations of the present.

This book places Kusama's pioneering work in historical context, from her early, incomplete installations to the moody shifts in her more recent work.
This book gives readers the opportunity to examine the influence of this series throughout Kusama's career.
Yayoi Kusama has been active in various artistic fields such as sculpture and installation, as well as painting, performance, video art, fashion, and literature.
In his early career in Japan, he worked mainly on paper, and after moving to New York in the late 1950s, he joined the avant-garde art movement.
He worked in soft sculpture and influenced artists such as Andy Warhol and Claes Oldenburg.
She also began engaging in performance-oriented work, using her own unique dot patterns.
After returning to Japan in 1973, she enjoyed a period of relative quiet, but began to receive attention again in the 1980s, and her work continues to enjoy steady popularity to this day.

10.
Yayoi Kusama: A Retrospective
작가	Yayoi Kusama, Stephanie Rosenthal
출판사	Prestel
발행(출시)일자	2021년 05월 18일

Title : Yayoi Kusama: A Retrospective
Size: 22  x 28 cm
352Pages

This book commemorates the first European retrospective of Yayoi Kusama and provides a comprehensive overview of the Japanese artist's influential work spanning over eight decades.
Set against the backdrop of a groundbreaking retrospective at Gropius Bau, this publication delves deeply into Kusama’s life and art through original insights from experts.

The book traces Kusama's creative development from her early paintings to her sculptures and installations.
Featuring a wide range of images and materials, the book is accompanied by essays from authors with diverse academic backgrounds, and covers Kusama's accomplishments in fashion, film, art marketing, and publishing.
Essays by various authors focus on Kusama's diverse engagement with the arts and genre-specific observations of her performance, installation, and painting series.
This rich and comprehensive retrospective provides readers interested in Kusama with a deeper understanding of her creative journey and extensive career.

11.
Louis Vuitton Yayoi Kusama
작가	Yayoi Kusama, Delphine Arnault, Akira Tatehata, Hans Ulrich Obrist, Mika Yoshitake
출판사	Rizzoli
발행(출시)일자	2023년 10월 03일

Title : Louis Vuitton Yayoi Kusama
Size : 22.9 x 30.5 cm
240Pages

Global luxury fashion brand Louis Vuitton
World-renowned artist Yayoi Kusama is joining forces again to present an ambitious project. 

This book, which tells the story of collaboration, introduces Yayoi Kusama's artwork and Louis Vuitton's fashion collection together.

Edited by Ferdinando Verdi and Isabel Venero, it features contributions from renowned experts in the fields of fashion and art.